This directory contains for pil-002 the anatomical image that
was used to create a few headshape_*.stl files. From one of those
headshapes, the pil-002_*.stl files were derived. The latter files
reflect the location of the head localizer coils on the printed
headsurface, as well as the placement of the headsurface in the dewar
helmet. In combination with the *.ds dataset, which was obtained with the
headcast in place, it should be possible to obtain a mapping between the
sensors and the dewar helmet surface. 

The *.ds dataset is a mvDs result of the original 01_Headlocalization_20220211_01.ds
dataset, that is in the catch all collection. The identity of pil-002 is
Jan-Mathijs Schoffelen. 

CONTEXT:

Based on interactions with the CTF-engineers, it's likely that the
inaccuracy of the alignment between sensors and dewar helmet is not to be
neglected. In other words, alignment of headcast with the MEG based on
geometrical information might not be sufficiently accurate. Geometry based
alignment is assumed to be possible in the context of headcasts that do not 
explicitly include spare room for the head localization coils. The first
generation headcasts created in London (e.g. pil-002) include the coils.
The headcasts created with the DCCN protocol do not include the coils.
This makes the latter amenable to coregistration inaccuracies introduced
by the researcher (e.g. in the Polhemus procedure, or by coregistering
the anatomical image). On the other hand, placing the coils on the
subject directly, rather than in the cast, gives a more accurate account
of the residual movement during the MEG measurement.

The engineers at CTF claim the head localizer coil base coregistration
might be more accurate than the geometrical details they have provided
about the sensors-in-dewar configuration. The idea would be that pil-002 
is to be used as a 'benchmark' subject to do a head localizer based
coregistration. As long as the system geometry is stable i.e. in between
maintenance sessions during the which the sensors are taken out, it is
probably the best estimate that can be made.
